---
layout: post
title:  "Blocking & Reporting"
date:   2015-08-10 01:23:18 MDT
categories: policies
position: 5
---
Ello has a zero-tolerance policy for abusive behavior.

This includes any form of hate, trolling, stalking, spamming, flaming, impersonating others, harming children, child pornography, or any other behavior designed to hurt another person physically or emotionally.

All Ello users must follow the Ello Rules, and there are consequences for not following the Rules.

If you notice abusive behavior or someone breaking the rules, please report it immediately by emailing [reportabuse@ello.co](mailto:reportabuse@ello.co), and we will look into it, and take necessary action as soon as possible.

You can also use this email address to send feedback on our current blocking, muting, and flagging tools. We want your thoughts on how to keep Ello safe.

Please note that this email box is strictly for abuse-related matters, and we will not respond to other requests sent here. If you are looking for help or wish to contact us for other reasons, please visit our [contact page](/wtf/help/contact-ello/) for instructions on how to do so.

## How can I BLOCK, MUTE, or FLAG someone who is annoying me?

From a profile page, click the three dots to the right of the person's name.

Select BLOCK, MUTE, or FLAG.

When you MUTE another user, you will no longer receive email notifications related to their activity. Their past and future posts will be hidden from your feed. A muted user can still follow you and comment on your posts.

When you BLOCK another user, they can no longer view your profile or posts. We also recommend turning off your public profile in SETTINGS when using this feature.

When you FLAG another user, the Ello team will be notified and we will look into that account. 

## How do I flag inappropriate content?

Hover your mouse just to the right of the icons beneath the post, and a flag button will appear. Click the flag and select the category of inappropriate content you wish to submit.
