---
layout: post
title:  "Giveaway Rules"
title_alternate:  "Giveaway"
date:   2017-08-21 05:00:00 EDT
categories: policies
position: 8
show_in_nav: false
# page header ----------
header_image: dollyave.jpg
header_credit: dollyave
header_credit_post: https://ello.co/dollyave/post/7ow_2pk_d5frwcyvxei13g
header_credit_image: dollyave-avatar.png
# place header/avatar images in: _assets/images/page-headers/posts
---


## OFFICIAL RULES

**These Official Rules form a binding legal agreement between you and Ello with respect to each and every Giveaway in which you participate, and you hereby agree to be bound by these Official Rules. NO PURCHASE NECESSARY TO ENTER OR WIN. VOID WHERE PROHIBITED OR RESTRICTED BY LAW. A PURCHASE WILL NOT INCREASE ANY ENTRANT'S CHANCE OF WINNING.**

1. **HOSTED BY:  Ello, PBC**, a Delaware public benefit corporation, with offices located at 1100 Spruce Street, Suite #104, Boulder, CO 80302 (“Ello”).  Ello may run certain Giveaways on behalf of itself or on behalf of its clients (a “Sponsor”) as set forth on the Site.

1. **ELIGIBILITY**:  The Giveaway (“Giveaway”) is offered only to those who are 18 years of age or older at the time of Submission and residing in a jurisdiction where such promotions are not prohibited or restricted by law. Any individual (including but not limited to employees, consultants, independent contractors and interns) who has, within the past three (3) months, held employment with or performed services for Ello, Sponsor, or any organizations affiliated with the sponsorship, fulfillment, administration, award support, advertisement or promotion of the Giveaway are not eligible to enter or win (collectively “Released Parties”) and their family members and persons living in the same households of such individuals are not eligible to participate in any Giveaway. All federal, state and local laws and regulations apply. Each Giveaway may also have additional rules and guidelines as set forth on the Site.  Giveaways are not open to residents of Cuba, Iran, Syria, North Korea, Government of Sudan, and Quebec, or to other individuals restricted by U.S. export controls and sanctions, and is void in any other nation, state, or province where prohibited or restricted by U.S. or local law.

1. **GIVEAWAY PERIOD**:  The Giveaway shall start and end at the times set forth on the Site (the "Giveaway Period").  All Submissions must be received during the Giveaway Period to be eligible to win. Ello reserves the right to extend the Giveaway Period for any particular Giveaway.

1. **HOW TO ENTER GIVEAWAY**: The Giveaway is offered on Ello’s website, www.ello.co and/or its associated mobile application(s) (the “Site”).  You can enter the Giveaway offered at the Site by:  Going to the Site, meeting the criteria set forth at the applicable Giveaway page, and following the instructions that appear on the applicable Giveaway page, and providing all requested information (all such information provided, a “Submission”), at which point you will become a “Entrant” in that particular Giveaway. You may submit only the number of Submissions as permitted on the applicable Giveaway page.

1. **AWARDS**: Ello shall award the awards set forth on the Site (each, a “Award”) for the Giveaway.  Each Award shall be redeemable as directed by Ello and Sponsor on the Site.  The winner will be solely responsible for any taxes associated with the Award.  No transfer, refund, cash redemption, substitution, cash equivalent or replacement of any award by any winner is permitted, except that Ello reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to substitute an award of equal or greater value (or cash equivalent).

1. **APPROXIMATE RETAIL VALUE (ARV), AND ODDS OF WINNING**:  The ARV for each Award is as set forth on the Site. If you have questions regarding any Award, please contact Ello at ArtGiveaways@ello.co. The odds of winning any Giveaway will depend on the number of Submissions submitted for that Giveaway.  All amounts are in US Dollars.

1. **WINNERS**:  Potential winners will be selected at random.  If your Submission is chosen, you will be deemed a potential winner of the Award, pending confirmation and/or verification of your eligibility and compliance with these Official Rules. Ello’s decisions are final and binding with respect to all matters relating to the Giveaway.

1. **AWARDING THE AWARD**: If you are selected as a potential winner you will be notified by email or by being tagged on the Site. To claim your Award, you must provide information as requested by Ello and Sponsor. You must also acknowledge compliance with these rules. Before awarding a Award, Ello may require you to furnish proof of identification and other proof of eligibility under these Official Rules. You must execute and return all documents within ten (10) days from the date it is sent to you or your Award may (in Ello’s sole discretion) be forfeited. If you are found to be ineligible or not in compliance with these Official Rules, decline to accept the Award, Ello is unable to contact you, or in the event that the Award or notification thereof is returned undeliverable, you will forfeit the Award, and Ello may award the Award to the Submission with the next highest score.  If you do not claim your Award within such ten (10) day period, it shall be null and void and have no value.  The right to receive an Award is non-assignable, non-transferable and no award substitution, exchange or cash equivalent will be allowed, except by Ello who reserves the right to substitute an award of equal or greater value in case of unavailability of award or force majeure. All awards will be awarded.  Federal, state and local taxes, if any, are your sole responsibility.  The Award is awarded AS IS and without any warranties of any kind.

1. **LIMITATION OF LIABILITY**:  Ello, Sponsor, and the Released Parties are not responsible for illegible, lost, late, incomplete, misdirected, or undeliverable Submissions or Award notifications; or for any failures, delays, or misdeliveries of the postal system, computer, telephone, satellite, cable, network, electronic or Internet hardware or software malfunctions, failures, connections, or availability, or garbled, corrupt or jumbled transmissions, service provider/Internet/web site/use net accessibility, availability, or traffic congestion, or any technical, typographical, or other error, or unauthorized human intervention, or the incorrect or inaccurate capture of registration information, or the failure to capture, or loss of, any such information.  Ello and the Released Parties assume no responsibility for any error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, communications line failure, or technical error. If, for any reason, an Submission is confirmed to have been erroneously deleted, lost or otherwise destroyed, corrupted or for any other reason not accepted as an Submission into a particular Giveaway, your sole remedy is to submit another Submission into the Giveaway.  If, for technical reasons, the Giveaway is not capable of running as planned, or if there are not enough qualified entries (in Ello’s discretion) Ello reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to cancel, terminate, modify or suspend the Giveaway.  IN NO EVENT SHALL ELLO OR SPONSOR’S TOTAL CUMULATIVE LIABILITY UNDER THESE RULES OR ANY GIVEAWAY EXCEED FIFTY DOLLARS ($50).

1. **BINDING NATURE, WAIVER, INDEMNIFICATION**:  By entering an Giveaway, you agree: (a) to be bound by these Official Rules and by all applicable laws and decisions of Ello, which shall be binding and final; (b) to waive any rights to claim ambiguity with respect to these Official Rules; (c) to waive all of your rights to bring any claim, action, or proceeding against any of Ello or the Released Parties in connection with the Site or any Giveaway; and (d) to forever and irrevocably agree to release, defend, indemnify, and hold harmless each of Ello and the Released Parties from any and all claims, lawsuits, judgments, causes of action, proceedings, demands, fines, penalties, liability  costs and expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable outside attorneys’ fees) that may arise in connection with: (i) the Site, or any Giveaway, including but not limited to your participation or inability to participate in any Giveaway, (ii) typographical or printing errors in these Official Rules or any Giveaway materials, (iv) any change in any Award (or any components thereof) due to unavailability, or due to reasons beyond Ello’s control, (v) any interruptions in or postponement, cancellation, or modification of any Giveaway, (vi) human error, (vii) incorrect or inaccurate transcription, receipt or transmission of any Submission, (viii) any technical malfunctions or unavailability of the Site or any telephone network, computer system, computer online system, computer timing and/or dating mechanism, computer equipment, software, or Internet service provider, or mail service utilized by Ello, any of the Released Parties or by you, (ix) interruption or inability to access the Site or any online service via the Internet due to hardware or software compatibility problems, (x) any lost/delayed data transmissions, omissions, interruptions, defects, and/or any other errors or malfunctions, (xi) any late, lost, stolen, mutilated, misdirected, illegible, delayed, garbled, corrupted, destroyed, incomplete, undeliverable or damaged Submissions, (xii) any wrongful, negligent, or unauthorized act or omission on the part of any of the Released Parties, (xiii) lost, late, stolen, misdirected, damaged or destroyed Awards (or any element thereof), or (xiv) the negligence or willful misconduct by you or your failure to follow the Official Rules.  The Giveaway and Official Rules shall be governed by the laws of the state of Colorado. You agree that any and all other disputes, claims, actions and causes of action arising out of or connected with such Giveaway or the Awards, and all issues and questions concerning the validity, interpretation and enforceability of these Official Rules shall be resolved individually, without resort to any form of class action, and exclusively as set forth in Ello’s terms of service on the Site.

1. **GENERAL**:  In the event of any conflict with any details contained in these Official Rules and details contained on the Site, the details set forth in these Official Rules shall prevail.  Ello reserves the right, to disqualify any individual found, in its sole opinion, to be tampering with the operation of the Site or any Giveaway or to be acting in violation of these Official Rules.  **CAUTION AND WARNING: ANY ATTEMPT TO DELIBERATELY DAMAGE THE WEB SITE OR UNDERMINE THE LEGITIMATE OPERATION OF ANY GIVEAWAY IS A VIOLATION OF CRIMINAL AND CIVIL LAWS. SHOULD SUCH AN ATTEMPT BE MADE, ELLO RESERVES THE RIGHT TO SEEK DAMAGES OR OTHER REMEDIES TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.**

1. **WINNERS’ LIST**:  The winner(s) in any Giveaway shall be set forth on the website for at least sixty (60) days following completion of any Giveaway.

1. **MODIFICATIONS**: These Official Rules may be modified from time to time by Ello without any notice to you and any such modifications shall be effective as of the date they are posted on the Site.
