---
layout: post
title:  "Artist Invite Rules"
title_alternate:  "Artist Invite"
date:   2017-08-28 11:00:00 EDT
categories: policies
position: 7
show_in_nav: false
# page header ----------
header_image: jabbathekid.jpg
header_credit: jabbathekid
header_credit_post: https://ello.co/jabbathekid/post/gevicrd3pu7lb5d_kq6ijw
header_credit_image: jabbathekid-avatar.png
# place header/avatar images in: _assets/images/page-headers/posts
---

## OFFICIAL RULES

**These Official Rules form a binding legal agreement between you and Ello with respect to each and every Artist Invite in which you participate, and you hereby agree to be bound by these Official Rules. NO PURCHASE NECESSARY TO ENTER OR WIN. VOID WHERE PROHIBITED OR RESTRICTED BY LAW. A PURCHASE WILL NOT INCREASE ANY PARTICIPANT'S CHANCE OF WINNING.**

1. **HOSTED BY:  Ello**, with offices located at 1100 Spruce Street, Suite #104, Boulder, CO 80302 (“Ello”).  Ello may run certain Artist Invites on behalf of itself or on behalf of its clients (a “Sponsor”) as set forth on the Site.

2. **ELIGIBILITY**:  The artist invite (“Artist Invite”) is offered only to those who are 18 years of age or older at the time of Submission and residing in a jurisdiction where such promotions are not prohibited or restricted by law. Any individual (including but not limited to employees, consultants, independent contractors and interns) who has, within the past three (3) months, held employment with or performed services for Ello, Sponsor, or any organizations affiliated with the sponsorship, fulfillment, administration, award support, advertisement or promotion of the Artist Invite are not eligible to enter or win (collectively “Released Parties”) and their family members and persons living in the same households of such individuals are not eligible to participate in any Artist Invite. All federal, state and local laws and regulations apply. Each Artist Invite may also have additional rules and guidelines as set forth on the Site.  Artist Invites are not open to residents of Cuba, Iran, Syria, North Korea, Government of Sudan, and Quebec, or to other individuals restricted by U.S. export controls and sanctions, and is void in any other nation, state, or province where prohibited or restricted by U.S. or local law.

3. **ARTIST INVITE PERIOD**:  The Artist Invite shall start and end at the times set forth on the Site (the "Artist Invite Period").  All Submissions must be received during the Artist Invite Period to be eligible to win. Ello reserves the right to extend the Artist Invite Period for any particular Artist Invite.

4. **HOW TO ENTER ARTIST INVITE**: The Artist Invite is offered on Ello’s website, www.ello.co and/or its associated mobile application(s) (the “Site”).  You can enter the Artist Invite offered at the Site by:  Going to the Site, meeting the criteria set forth at the applicable Artist Invite page, and following the instructions that appear on the applicable Artist Invite page, and providing all requested information (all such information provided, a “Submission”), at which point you will become a “Participant” in that particular Artist Invite. You may submit only the number of Submissions as permitted on the applicable Artist Invite page.  By submitting the Submission, Participant represents and warrants that (a) the Submission is an original work by Participant; (b) it has the right to submit the Submission; (c) no third party has any right or interest in the Submission; (d) all individuals or locations depicted in the Submission have agreed that Participant may submit such Submission; (e) the Submission has not been previously published, released or distributed in any form, and has not won any award, and in each case Ello may request same in writing at any time; and (f) they are not (nor may they work with parties in conjunction with the Submission who are): 1) represented under contract (e.g., by a talent agent or similar) that would limit or impair Ello’s ability to display the Submission in any media form; 2) subject to a contract that would make entrant’s/their appearance in the Submission a violation of any third-party rights; or 3) under any other contractual relationship, including but not limited to union memberships, that may prevent Ello from being able to use the Submission.

5. **SUBMITTED MATERIALS**:  You acknowledge and agree that others will be able to view your Submission Information on the Site. All Submissions, photographs, writings, statements, information or other materials submitted by you pursuant to this Artist Invite are subject to the terms of service, privacy policy and other rules and policies set forth on Ello’s website at www.ello.co, which all are hereby incorporated into these Official Rules by reference. Ello reserves the right in its sole and exclusive discretion to disqualify any Submission that it believes violates or potentially violates any of the foregoing requirements or otherwise fails to comply with any provision of these Official Rules or any of the policies mentioned above.  You acknowledge and agree that you have read and understand these terms and policies. Submissions must meet the following criteria: (a) They must not be derogatory, offensive, threatening, defamatory, disparaging, libelous or contain any content that is inappropriate, indecent, profane, tortuous, slanderous, discriminatory in any way, or that promotes hatred or harm against any group or person, or otherwise does not comply with the theme and spirit of the Artist Invite; (b) They must not contain content, material or any element that is unlawful, or otherwise in violation of or contrary to all applicable federal, state, or local laws; (c) They must not contain any content, material or element that displays any third party advertising, slogan, logo, trademark or otherwise indicates a sponsorship or endorsement by a third party, commercial entity or that is not within the spirit of the Artist Invite, as determined by Ello, in its sole discretion; (d) They must be original, unpublished works; (e) They cannot contain any content, element, or material that violates a third party’s publicity, privacy or intellectual property rights; (f) The Submission does not include any disparaging remarks relating to Ello, Sponsor, or a third party; or (g) They must not contain any materials that violate Ello’s terms and conditions.

6. **ARTIST RIGHTS AND LICENSES GRANTED**: We respect your rights (including your moral rights) and you always own the copyright in your Submissions.  If we publish your Submissions, we will attribute the work to you. If Ello or Sponsor fails to provide accurate credit or attribution it shall be considered an error or oversight and shall not constitute a breach of these rules or an infringement of your copyright. When you submit a work as a Submission, you grant Ello a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, transferable, sublicenseable license to use, copy, display, modify, publish and perform your Submission in connection with promotion of the Artist Invite for a period of ninety (90) days from the selection of the selected artist. If you are selected as a selected artist, then in exchange for an Award, you may be required to perpetually license or assign your work to Ello, Sponsor or their designees, as set forth in the summary of the Artist Invite.   By accepting an Award, except as otherwise set forth on the applicable Artist Invite,  you grant Ello, Sponsor and/or their respective designees the worldwide, royalty-free, fully paid up, transferable, sublicenseable, non-exclusive, right to use, copy, display, modify, publish and perform your Submission for Sponsor’s and Ello’s business purposes for a period of ninety (90) days from the selection of the selected artist (except unless another period is set forth on the applicable Artist Invite). Upon Ello's request, selected artists agree to sign any and all legal forms deemed necessary to license or assign all right, title and interest in and to the Submissions, including without limitation, all copyrights associated therewith, in exchange for the Awards set forth above.

7. **AWARDS**: Ello shall award the awards set forth on the Site (each, a “Award”) for the Artist Invite.  Each Award shall be redeemable as directed by Ello and Sponsor on the Site.  The selected artist will be solely responsible for any taxes associated with the Award.  If multiple people worked on a Submission, only one person will be selected as a selected artist. No transfer, refund, cash redemption, substitution, cash equivalent or replacement of any award by any selected artist is permitted, except that Ello reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to substitute an award of equal or greater value (or cash equivalent).


8. **APPROXIMATE RETAIL VALUE (ARV), AND ODDS OF WINNING**:  The ARV for each Award is as set forth on the Site. If you have questions regarding any Award, please contact Ello at artistinvites@ello.co. The odds of winning any Artist Invite will depend on the number of Submission submitted for that Artist Invite. Each Submission shall be judged equally.  All amounts are in US Dollars.

9. **SELECTED ARTISTS**: Following the end of the Artist Invite Period, an impartial judge or impartial panel of judges to be selected by Ello and/or Sponsor (the “Judging Panel”) will select the Award selected artists based on the following criteria:  (i) artistic merit – composition and merit of Submission; (ii) creativity and originality - considering the representation and essence of the Artist Invite theme as well as the unique and novel approach to the Artist Invite; (iii) Sponsor needs; and (iv) adherence to the these rules (the “Criteria”).  All decisions of the Judging Panel are final on all aspects of the Artist Invite.  If your Submission is chosen, you will be deemed a potential selected artist of the Award, pending confirmation and/or verification of your eligibility and compliance with these Official Rules. Ello’s decisions are final and binding with respect to all matters relating to the Artist Invite.

10. **AWARDING THE AWARD**: If you are selected as a potential selected artist you will be notified by email or by being tagged on the Site. To claim your Award, you must provide information as requested by Ello and Sponsor. You must also sign a license or assignment agreement and acknowledge compliance with these rules. Before awarding a Award, Ello may require you to furnish proof of identification and other proof of eligibility under these Official Rules. You must execute and return all documents within ten (10) days from the date it is sent to you or your Award may (in Ello’s sole discretion) be forfeited. If you are found to be ineligible or not in compliance with these Official Rules, decline to accept the Award, Ello is unable to contact you, or in the event that the Award or notification thereof is returned undeliverable, you will forfeit the Award, and Ello may award the Award to the Submission with the next highest score.  If you do not claim your Award within such ten (10) day period, it shall be null and void and have no value.  The right to receive an Award is non-assignable, non-transferable and no award substitution, exchange or cash equivalent will be allowed, except by Ello who reserves the right to substitute an award of equal or greater value in case of unavailability of award or force majeure. All awards will be awarded.  Federal, state and local taxes, if any, are your sole responsibility.  The Award is awarded AS IS and without any warranties of any kind.

11. **LIMITATION OF LIABILITY**:  Ello, Sponsor, and the Released Parties are not responsible for illegible, lost, late, incomplete, misdirected, or undeliverable Submissions or Award notifications; or for any failures, delays, or misdeliveries of the postal system, computer, telephone, satellite, cable, network, electronic or Internet hardware or software malfunctions, failures, connections, or availability, or garbled, corrupt or jumbled transmissions, service provider/Internet/web site/use net accessibility, availability, or traffic congestion, or any technical, typographical, or other error, or unauthorized human intervention, or the incorrect or inaccurate capture of registration information, or the failure to capture, or loss of, any such information.  Ello and the Released Parties assume no responsibility for any error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, communications line failure, or technical error. If, for any reason, an Submission is confirmed to have been erroneously deleted, lost or otherwise destroyed, corrupted or for any other reason not accepted as an Submission into a particular Artist Invite, your sole remedy is to submit another Submission into the Artist Invite.  If, for technical reasons, the Artist Invite is not capable of running as planned, or if there are not enough qualified entries (in Ello’s discretion) Ello reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to cancel, terminate, modify or suspend the Artist Invite.  IN NO EVENT SHALL SPONSOR’S OR ELLO’S TOTAL CUMULATIVE LIABILITY UNDER THESE RULES OR ANY ARTIST INVITE EXCEED FIFTY DOLLARS ($50).

12. **BINDING NATURE, WAIVER, INDEMNIFICATION**:  By entering an Artist Invite, you agree: (a) to be bound by these Official Rules and by all applicable laws and decisions of Ello, which shall be binding and final; (b) to waive any rights to claim ambiguity with respect to these Official Rules; (c) to waive all of your rights to bring any claim, action, or proceeding against any of Ello or the Released Parties in connection with the Site or any Artist Invite; and (d) to forever and irrevocably agree to release, defend, indemnify, and hold harmless each of Ello and the Released Parties from any and all claims, lawsuits, judgments, causes of action, proceedings, demands, fines, penalties, liability  costs and expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable outside attorneys’ fees) that may arise in connection with: (i) the Site, or any Artist Invite, including but not limited to your participation or inability to participate in any Artist Invite, (ii) typographical or printing errors in these Official Rules or any Artist Invite materials, (iv) any change in any Award (or any components thereof) due to unavailability, or due to reasons beyond Ello’s control, (v) any interruptions in or postponement, cancellation, or modification of any Artist Invite, (vi) human error, (vii) incorrect or inaccurate transcription, receipt or transmission of any Submission, (viii) any technical malfunctions or unavailability of the Site or any telephone network, computer system, computer online system, computer timing and/or dating mechanism, computer equipment, software, or Internet service provider, or mail service utilized by Ello, any of the Released Parties or by you, (ix) interruption or inability to access the Site or any online service via the Internet due to hardware or software compatibility problems, (x) any lost/delayed data transmissions, omissions, interruptions, defects, and/or any other errors or malfunctions, (xi) any late, lost, stolen, mutilated, misdirected, illegible, delayed, garbled, corrupted, destroyed, incomplete, undeliverable or damaged Submissions, (xii) any wrongful, negligent, or unauthorized act or omission on the part of any of the Released Parties, (xiii) lost, late, stolen, misdirected, damaged or destroyed Awards (or any element thereof), or (xiv) the negligence or willful misconduct by you or your failure to follow the Official Rules.  The Artist Invite and Official Rules shall be governed by the laws of the state of Colorado. You agree that any and all other disputes, claims, actions and causes of action arising out of or connected with such Artist Invite or the Awards, and all issues and questions concerning the validity, interpretation and enforceability of these Official Rules shall be resolved individually, without resort to any form of class action, and exclusively as set forth in Ello’s terms of service on the Site.

13. **GENERAL**:  In the event of any conflict with any details contained in these Official Rules and details contained on the Site, the details set forth on the entry page of the specific Artist Invite shall prevail.  Ello reserves the right, to disqualify any individual found, in its sole opinion, to be tampering with the operation of the Site or any Artist Invite or to be acting in violation of these Official Rules.  CAUTION AND WARNING: ANY ATTEMPT TO DELIBERATELY DAMAGE THE WEB SITE OR UNDERMINE THE LEGITIMATE OPERATION OF ANY ARTIST INVITE IS A VIOLATION OF CRIMINAL AND CIVIL LAWS. SHOULD SUCH AN ATTEMPT BE MADE, ELLO RESERVES THE RIGHT TO SEEK DAMAGES OR OTHER REMEDIES TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.

14. **SELECTED ARTIST LIST**:  The selected artist(s) in any Artist Invite shall be set forth on the website for at least sixty (60) days following completion of any Artist Invite.

15. **MODIFICATIONS**: These Official Rules may be modified from time to time by Ello without any notice to you and any such modifications shall be effective as of the date they are posted on the Site.
