---
layout: post
title:  "FAQ"
date:   2015-07-22 01:23:18 MDT
categories: help
position: 3
---
## What is Ello?

Ello is a place to discover beautiful art, be inspired by meaningful stories, and connect with creators around the world.

In the beginning Ello was a private social network, built by a [small group of creators](/wtf/about/who-created-ello/) who had become frustrated by the negativity that had invaded the big social networks. Many of us felt obliged to have profiles on those networks, but nobody was having much fun. 

We built Ello as an oasis, a place of our own to share the things we love with friends and peers. After a while so many people were asking to join our little private network that we realized it was time to make Ello public.

Ello's [Bill of Rights](https://bill-of-rights.ello.co/) sets out guiding principals behind this network. Ello will always be ad-free and will never sell data about you to third parties.

We also believe that you should have control everything you see. That means no manipulative algorithms that prioritize paid content over posts by people you love. Instead, Ello is presented in simple chronological order. The many artists, storytellers, entrepreneurs, journalists, technologists, adventurers, car enthusiasts, whiskey lovers, and creators of all kinds on Ello never have to pay for followers to read their posts.

That’s a big reason why so many creative people are connecting and finding inspiration here. Another is our commitment to beauty, safety, and transparency. As a [Public Benefit Corporation](https://ello.co/wtf/about/pbc/) Ello is legally required to work for the benefit of everyone on our network.

All that said, what matters most is how much fun we’re having build Ello together.

Ello encourages us to take a stand for the things we love, to be grateful for the people that inspire us, and to become our best selves. We’re so glad you’re here.

Be inspired, and have fun on Ello.

## Can anyone join Ello?

Everyone is welcome, but Ello isn’t for everyone.

Some social networks claim they want to sign up everyone in the world. This is not Ello’s mission. We’re committed to creating the best social network, not the biggest.

Ello is still in Beta, with new features coming every week. Every time a new feature comes out, Ello becomes useful to a wider circle of people.

## Ello is in Beta. What does this mean?

Ello is released in stages, with new features coming out all the time. This allows us to test Ello, see how things are working, and make sure our servers can handle the load before we move on.

When using Ello during the Beta testing phase, you may occasionally run into bugs. Things that worked one way yesterday may work differently today. A new feature may suddenly appear (we’re releasing new features almost every day). That’s the fun of the Beta experience — participating as Ello rolls out from scratch.

## What features are working now?

Many features are working perfectly, and others are coming soon. You can see the complete feature list by clicking a link in the grey bar at the top of the page when you first visit Ello, or [here](/wtf/resources/feature-list/).

## You’ve said that Ello will not sell ads or sell user data to third parties. Is that really true?

Yes.

## Never?

Never.  Ello is a [Public Benefit Corporation](https://ello.co/wtf/about/pbc/) (PBC), a special kind of for-profit company registered in the USA that is required to take into account the public benefit of all its decisions. As a PBC, Ello has a legal obligation to never sell ads, to never sell user data, and to never sell the company to anyone that would ever do any of these things.

## I saw an ad on a video someone posted on Ello.

We do not control what people post on Ello as long as they follow the Rules.

At the request of many of our users, Ello supports embedded content from YouTube, Vimeo, Soundcloud, and many other media formats that sometimes have ads embedded in them by third parties.

Ello does not make money on these advertisements, and if you don’t want to see them, you don’t have to follow users who post them. And if you want to avoid ads completely, you can also turn off embedded content completely on your Ello settings page.

## What kind of information does Ello collect about me, and how can I opt out?

By default Ello collects anonymized user behavior, which helps us understand how people are using Ello and how we can make the network better.

If you don’t want to participate, you can opt out on your Ello settings page.

Read more about how Ello collects and uses information [here](/wtf/about/information-use/).

## How does Ello make money?

Ello is still in Beta, and we’re currently focused on building basic functionality, mobile apps, and growing the Ello community. 

In the near future Ello will begin to offer special paid services which will support our network.

A feature we are planning to release in early 2016 is a new form of social e-commerce, so creators can sell the things they make directly to their followers on Ello. So, if you’re an artist with a following on Ello, you’ll be able to sell your artwork to your followers directly. Ello will make money by charging a very small listing fee, a bit like Craigslist or Etsy. 

An advantage of Ello’s ad-free model is that we’re always working in alignment with the people that use Ello — there are no advertisers pulling the strings behind the scenes. E-commerce and other optional features we’ll roll out once Ello Beta is finished will always be designed to make Ello more fun and more inspiring for everyone in the Ello community.

## Can businesses use Ello? What if they post ads?

Businesses and professionals are welcome on Ello, and yes, everyone on Ello can post anything they want. 

What’s different about Ello is that what you see is completely under your control. We will never boost paid posts or include ads in your stream.

So if someone joins Ello, you are free to follow them or not follow them. What you see is up to you.

## Does Ello have an app?

The [Ello iOS App](http://appstore.com/ello/ello) is available for free download in the Apple App Store.

An Ello app for Android is in development. We will post a release date when we are closer to finishing it. 

In the meantime, Ello works on any tablet and smartphone (including all Apple, Android, and Windows-based devices) through your device’s web browser. We suggest simply bookmarking Ello on the home screen of your mobile device.

## Where can I find more help and other information on how to use Ello?

Visit the [Ello Tips](/wtf/help/tips/) section.

## What’s the best way to use the FRIENDS & NOISE feeds on Ello?

We built two different streams, called FRIENDS & NOISE, to help you contain clutter and keep Ello organized.

Read more about the best way to use FRIENDS & NOISE [here](/wtf/help/friends-and-noise/).

## Does Ello allow NSFW & adult content?

Yes.

Not everyone wants to see sexually explicit content. If you regularly post adult content, please respect those in our community who do not wish to see it by flagging your Ello profile as NSFW on your settings page. Doing so will screen your content from Ello users who would prefer not to see it. Failure to mark NSFW content may lead to a warning, or eventually having your account locked, or deleted.

You can hide sexually explicit material from your Ello experience by setting the “View NSFW” setting is set to “No” on your personal Ello settings page.

All posts, including NSFW content, must comply with Ello’s Rules. Among other things, we expressly forbid explicit content that involves children, animals, or that portrays or encourages hurting people.

## Are there any restrictions on how many people I can follow on Ello?

During Beta, you are limited to following 100 new users per day on Ello.
