---
layout: post
title:  "Where the Fuck is the Android App?"
date:   2015-10-12 01:00:00 MDT
categories: help
position: 2
---

Android users, we hear you.

Many Ello team members use Android devices, and we badly want a native Ello Android App too.

Here’s the reality: developing a new Android app is an enormous amount of work, and will cost our brilliant but small development team several months of doing that and nothing else.

So before we finish Android we want to make sure our first app, for iOS, works perfectly, is bug free, has an interface that is rock solid right, and doesn’t need any major changes. That time is getting closer.

We just finished features that bring the iOS app close to parity with Ello on web and mobile web. We are also dropping an interface redesign soon that will make Ello mobile quicker and easier to use, and more logical for new Ello’ers. 

Once that is done, and we’re satisfied, we will finish Android!

The basic principle here is that building two apps that aren’t quite right simultaneously is a giant waste of time. The only way to tell what works is to finish one, learn what works and what doesn’t, make it right, then make the other.

Since a majority of Ello users are on iPhone, we started there.

Please know that an Android App is an important part of Ello’s future. We’ll get it in your pockets as soon as we can.

In the meantime, please use Ello mobile web. It’s brilliant and actually has a few more features than the iOS app, and will continue to get even better!

Much love,

:ello:

Paul Budnitz
Ello Co-Founder & CEO
