---
layout: post
title:  "Settings"
date:   2015-08-10 04:23:18 MDT
categories: help
position: 5
---
## How do I get to my personal settings page?

Click on your avatar in the upper right-hand corner and select "Settings".

## Can I change my username?

Yes! You can change your username on the [Settings](https://ello.co/settings) page.

## What happens when I change my username?

Your username and profile url will change, but previous @mentions of your username throughout Ello will not change.

## How do I reset my password if I forget it?

1. Make sure that you’re currently logged out. If not, you can logout on your [Settings](https://ello.co/settings) page.
2. Request a password reset from the login screen.
3. Check your e-mail for instructions.

## How can I change my avatar and header?

1. Click on your avatar in the upper right-hand corner to go to your [Settings](https://ello.co/settings) page.
2. Drag and drop a new image into the dashed circle or header area. You can also click the image icon and select a file from your computer or mobile device.

## How do I save my changes?

Most changes are saved automatically. You’ll be prompted to enter your current password if you’re trying to change your username or password. If your changes aren’t being saved, log out, log in, and try again.

## How do I logout?

Click on your avatar in the upper right-hand corner and select "Logout".

## How can I permanently delete my Ello account?

Go to your [Settings](https://ello.co/settings) page and click the “Delete Account” link. Once you delete your account neither you, nor we, can recover it. It’s over, baby. Also note that your username may become available for another person to use.
