---
layout: post
title:  "IFTTT"
date:   2016-04-11 04:23:18 MDT
categories: help
position: 3
---
## What is IFTTT? 

It stands for “If This Then That” and allows you to make recipes that connect social media channels and internet-connected devices. In other words, you can create an IFTTT recipe that tweets every time you post an update on Ello, texts you when it’s supposed to rain in your neighborhood, or automatically share your Ello loves on other networks.

Once you connect your Ello profile to your IFTTT account, you’ll be able to share a URL when you post or share a URL when you love. For example, if I post on Ello, then make a post on my Tumblr. If I love a post on Ello, then post that love to Twitter. You can see the recipes that already exist here, https://ifttt.com/channels.

We want to make it easier for you to share your favorite stuff on Ello with the rest of your communities, and this is just our first step in that direction. We’re excited to dive in with you.

## How do I get started?

Watch [this video](https://vimeo.com/162590641) or read the guide below. 

**Connecting Ello with IFTTT**
1. If you don’t have an IFTTT account, first create one, either at https://ifttt.com, via the IFTTT iOS app, or the IFTTT Android app. 2. Go to https://ifttt.com/ello and login, or if you have the IFTTT mobile app, login to your account and browse to the Ello channel. 3. Select Connect to use your Ello login to connect with your IFTTT account. 4. If you are already logged into ello.co on the web on that device, IFTTT and Ello will automatically connect. 5. If you aren’t logged in, you will be prompted to do so! 6. Your Ello and IFTTT accounts are now connected, and you’re ready to make your first recipe!

**Choosing a pre-made Recipe.**
1. Head back to the Ello IFTTT channel page, and look at the Popular Recipes that are listed. 2. If one of those sounds right for you, click on it to get to the customization page. 3. Change any of the default text if you’d like, or just hit the Add button to choose the recipe as is. That recipe is now running! 4. If at any time you want to edit or turn off that recipe, head to the My Recipes section of IFTTT.

**Making your own Recipe.**
1. Browse to the My Recipes section of IFTTT, and select Create a Recipe. 2. Choose the blue “this” button, and select the Ello channel as your trigger channel. 3. You have two options, you can trigger this recipe when you publish a post OR when you love a post. Select whichever one you’d like to use. 4. Select the Create Trigger button. 5. Now choose the blue “that” button, and select the network or app in which you’d like your Ello posts or loves posted to. 6. Select the action on the other app channel that you’d like to perform when your Ello action is triggered. Often this will be making a post on the other network. 7. Now you can customize the default text, and choose the ingredients from Ello that you’d like to use on the other network. Select the icon in the upper right of the action fields to choose what ello ingredients to include. 8. Select PostURL to share your post, and/or CreatedAt to share the timestamp of the post. 9. Once you are happy with your recipe, select the Create Action button. 10. Give your recipe a title, set your notification preferences, and select Create Recipe! 11. Your recipe is now up and running. Browse to the My Recipes section to make edits.
<br>
