---
layout: post
title:  "Ello is a Public Benefit Corporation"
date:   2016-5-3 01:23:45 MDT
categories: about
position: 7
---
**Ello was designed by creators, for creators. Ello’s mission is to support creators everywhere.**

The mainstream “social media” companies have transformed into advertising platforms. They farm as much personal data and extract as much value from their users as possible. Then they charge for and serve as many ads possible.

Ello is different. We are building a sustainable community and revenue models designed to empower community members with greater opportunities to earn a living through their art, their creativity.

When Ello sought investment, we chose investors aligned with our mission and values. To assure that Ello never farms community data and always remains ad-free, we formed a Public Benefit Corporation (PBC). A PBC is a for-profit company in the USA that exists to produce a benefit for society as a whole — not just to make money for its investors.

The Ello PBC charter states in the strongest legal terms possible that:

    1) Ello shall never make money from selling ads;
    2) Ello shall never make money from selling user data; and
    3) In the event that Ello is ever sold, the new owners will have to comply by these terms.

Ello exists for the benefit of the creative community, and we will never serve ads or sell  personal data.

We, as founders and investors in Ello, vow to support Ello’s mission and to abide by the terms of the Ello Charter.

**_[Signed]_**

Todd Berger  
Lee Bouyea  
Paul Budnitz   
David Cohen   
Cairn Cross   
Tim Davis   
Brad Feld   
Lucian Föhr   
Justin Gitlin   
Matthew Kitt   
Seth Levine  
Ryan McIntyre  
Jason Mendelson  
Ari Newman  
Mark Solon  
Damon Way  
Gabe Varela  
Jay Zeschin

October 23, 2014

**[Check out the full signed letter](/wtf/downloads/ello-pbc.pdf).**

**[Read more about Public Benefit Corporations](http://benefitcorp.net/)** (and how your company can become one too).
