---
layout: post
title:  "Careers at Ello"
date:   2016-10-20 01:23:45 MDT
categories: about
position: 12
---

Ello is a friendly network where inspiration is shared through images and stories. We originally built Ello as a private network. Over time, so many people wanted to join Ello that we built a public version of Ello for everyone to use. That’s where you come in.

We’re currently looking for:
## Sales Director Position (Social Media)

Are you interested in helping redefine how brands and publications can more meaningfully engage the creative class? Do you know how to build relationships and close deals? Do you love media and social media? Do you engage in, enjoy, and appreciate the creativity? 

Do you want to work in an exciting workspace with great people, who love what we do and believe in what we’re building? Do you want to shape your future and help build a sales team? If you are flexible, a self-starter, take pride in your work, and you value integrity, transparency, tolerance, new ideas, and have a rebellious spirit, we’d love to hear from you. 

**Contact:**
Email mark@ello.co. Tell us why your experience and personality make you a great fit. Please include references.

## Social Media/Community Evangelist Internships

Do you love social media? Are you into art, design, illustration, photography, architecture, GIFs, adventure, graffiti, or making things with your hands? Do you engage in, enjoy, or appreciate the creative process? Are you interested in learning more about SEO, content marketing, brand strategy and brand building? 

Do you want to work in a flexible workspace with great people, who love what we do and believe in what we’re building? If you value integrity, transparency, tolerance, new ideas, and have a rebellious spirit, we’d love to hear from you.

**Contact:**
Email mark@ello.co. Tell us why your perfect with the job and what’s wrong with this sentence. Include your social media handles, and any of your current creative pursuits.

## Full Stack Engineer

Ello is looking for an experienced engineer with strong Ruby/Rails skills who is excited to build and evolve a groundbreaking and rapidly-growing ad-free social network.

Ello is a beautiful and ad-free social network created by a small group of artists, designers and developers. You’ll be helping build the world’s best platform for visual creators to publish their work and for their fans to interact with it. You’ll be working on a product with millions of users publishing the most original and inspiring creative work on the internet.  

Your day-to-day will be implementing new features, bugfixes, and enhancements to Ello - both within the existing Rails codebase and in greenfield components as we continue to move to a decomposed architecture. Since we’re a small team, you’ll play an integral part in shaping product priorities, feature decisions, and technical choices, working very closely with the product and marketing teams to do so. You will have lots of opportunity to create impact in different parts of the product - from Rails app to data infrastructure to the web frontend to the native iOS (and in the future, Android!) apps. You’ll be involved in the entire lifecycle of the features you build - from planning to implementation to infrastructure and support.

Our platform is growing quickly, and solving scaling challenges is a regular part of the engineering team’s routine. Some examples of the kinds of challenges we encounter include https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pwnD5dD1iGc and http://highscalability.com/blog/2015/1/21/learn-from-my-pain-5-lessons-from-ellos-adventures-in-rapid.html. Our current infrastructure relies heavily on Postgres, Redis, AWS, Elasticsearch, and Heroku.

We have ambitious goals, so we place a premium on efficiency and rapid action, whether in the way we ship features, the way we collaborate, or the tools we use. We like to write performant, well-tested, stable code - but recognize that sometimes an imperfect solution tomorrow is better than a perfect one next week. We are still an early-stage company, so we do work hard, but we want our people to work at a pace that’s sustainable for them. We place a premium on attention to visual detail and a high degree of polish. We like to use the best tools for the problem at hand, to deliver features and functionality as frequently as possible, and to engage with the Ello community constantly to ensure that we’re delivering the best possible experience.

Our employees are some of our most active, engaged and passionate users, which is key to making the Ello experience so unique!

**Minimum Requirements:**
· Strong Ruby, Rails and Javascript development skills
· Desire to work with a broad range of technologies
· Knowledge and experience building robust, scalable applications
· A passion for agile processes and test-driven development
· Excellent communication and people skills
· Strong analytical and creative problem solving skills

**Bonuses:**
· Experience building high-performance, fault tolerant, distributed systems
· Experience performance tuning on both frontend and backend

**Compensation & benefits:**
· Flexible work hours
· Unlimited vacation policy
· Full health insurance for you and your family
· 401(k) plan
· Stock options
· Really awesome hard working people who value your input and ideas!


Interested? We'd love to chat with you. Drop us a line at jobs@ello.co.
